swat SWAT-VALLEY  Though it has had a rough past, the present and future of Swat Valley are shining very bright. This stunning valley in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan is something straight out of a fairy tale. Think bright green fields and forests, picturesque villages, and rivers boasting shades of blue so clear and bright you wouldn’t have thought them real!. The true beauty of Swat can be found around the town of Kalam, which serves as a base to the explore the beauty of the valley.
Gilgit-Baltistan Hunza-Valley  it’s almost certain you’ve come across the name Hunza. Don’t let the word ‘valley’ confuse you, though – Hunza is actually a massive district made up of numerous valleys and villages. One part of the ancient Silk Road.
Gilgit-Baltistan Yarkhun-Valley  Though it’s relatively unheard of and forgotten compared to Pakistan’s most famous tourist spots, I think Yarkhun Valley was the most beautiful place I visited in the country. Located in the Upper Chitral district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Yarkhun dazzles with its mountain ranges and untouched villages.
swat Kumrat-Valley Every night falls with more relaxing and serenity in the lap of earth. One might experience with eyes closed, just reaching into the sense of tranquillity from the sound of water gushing down the hill. Do Kala Chashma Lake, Jahaz Banda, Jandrai, trek to Katora Lake, Kalkot Banda, Badagoi Pass are some of the most visited places of Kumrat.
kashmir Banjosa-Lake   You will definitely find your way here if you get around Rawalkot. This is ideally the area boasting a considerable amount of greenery. Green is the color you will find here mostly, followed by a little contouring by red. Above a clear lake are tall trees covering a large area beyond. You usually require heading out there in summer due to a hospitable weather, since temperature hardly exceeds 25°C.
swat Bahrain Bahrain considered being as a riverside hill station. As the name revealed it is about two different rivers merging in one place. There are several hotels for the tourist so one can stay for the night and enjoy the cool breeze of Daral and Swat Rivers. Moreover, it also serves as a base camp for the trail that leads to the Daral & Saidgai lakes. The climate is slightly warm in summers, but a must-visit place in Swat.
kashmir Neelum-Valley Tourist attractions are required to be captivating. This one is for sure. You will find blue waters and greenery, as stunning as anything. This is God’s magnificent gift to mankind, fortunately, located in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. Anyone suggesting you top attractions in Pakistan would not forget Neelum Valley. 
swat Kalam-Valley First and foremost is the Kalam Valley which is located at a distance of 99 km away from the Swat Valley. The fluvial river of Swat encircled the whole valley along with the richly green hills. The Kalam Valley capture millions of tourist to its lap. Some of the notable place to visit within Kalam is of Matiltan, Usho, Utror, and Gabral, each has its own significance. With the cool and pleasant weather with panoramic locations, Kalam makes a perfect combination for the tourist.
kashmir Shounter-Lake Simply offering everything that speaks of wonderful mother nature. Show up in this area during May to August; the climate is your friend and the facilities provided to reach here are top-notch. You can easily board a Jeep from Kel, Neelum Valley.
kashmir Leepa-Valley Dont mean to steal your words, but yes, this is a STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN!

MALAM JABBA MILLI VALLEY SNOW
